Changelog - 9.5.0 & removed deprecated modules (#701)
dell/dellemc-openmanage-ansible-modules: CHANGELOG.rst

.. contents:: Topics

v9.5.0
======

Release Summary
---------------

- The ``idrac_redfish_storage_controller`` module is enhanced to support secure and/or cryptographic erase of the physical disk.

> - The ``ome_application_network_proxy`` module is enhanced to allow you to manage the Proxy Exclusion List in the Proxy Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``ome_application_network_proxy`` module is enhanced to manage the Proxy Exclusion List and Certificate Validation
```

> - The ``idrac_redfish_powerstate`` module is enhanced to support for full virtual A/C power cycle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The ``idrac_redfish_powerstate`` module is enhanced to support full virtual A/C power cycle.
```

> - The ``idrac_redfish_powerstate`` module is enhanced to add support for full virtual A/C power cycle in server powercycle module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``idrac_redfish_powerstate`` module is enhanced to support full virtual A/C power cycle.
```

Minor Changes
-------------

> - idrac_redfish_powerstate - This module is enhanced to add support for full virtual A/C power cycle option in server powercycle module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- idrac_redfish_powerstate - This module is enhanced to support enhanced to support full virtual A/C power cycle.
```

> - idrac_redfish_storage_controller - This module is enhanced to allow you to add support for secure and/or cryptographic erase of the physical disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- idrac_redfish_storage_controller - This module is enhanced to support secure and/or cryptographic erase of the physical disk.
```

> - ome_application_network_proxy - This module is enhanced to allow you to manage the Proxy Exclusion List in the Proxy Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ome_application_network_proxy - This module is enhanced to manage the Proxy Exclusion List and Certificate Validation. 
```
